I submit the following for assessment as my best class.

* The method Waldo() in class Waldo().
* and its test test() in class WaldoTest().
* ...

Waldo is what I believe will make this Game unique in comparison to most.
The Waldo class is quite janky but it performs everything it needs to do in timely and concise fashion.
the Waldo class contains functions based around Images. It analyses and manipulates images. The definition of
waldo is  "A remote-controlled device for handling or manipulating objects." Which I will mention because the feedback
I got for it during the code review was that it was a nonsense name.
Most of the Waldo functions have the ability to analyse the size of an image and return
the next image in the sequence based on size.
This is somewhat primitive but it works well.
Later on I was able to also take the boardState as a string and was able to make the waldo methods
detect what was already on board so that it would skip these pieces. This meens that there will be no duplicates
of pieces on the board.
The Junit tests for waldo were also interesting as I had to initialize a JavaFX environment
and run multiple threads.

Junit does not accept many of the types in javaFX such as image. to make it accept this type it needs to
initialize JavafX. As result the test upon starting launches and closes the game. From there it tests waldos ability to
return the next highest value. It then makes a new thread so that it can implement the state of the board to test the codes
ability to skip over pieces if they are already on the board.

I declare that this is entirely my own work, with the following documented exceptions:

* The idea of <...> came from a discussion with <...>

* The code in class <...> uses an idea suggested by <...>

Signed: Lachlan McVicar (u6406312)
